Update showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference.md (#9983)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference.md

| None | **Segment Repartition** | In a parallel query plan, sometimes there are conceptual regions of iterators. All of the iterators within such a region can be executed by parallel threads. The regions themselves must be executed serially. Some of the **Parallelism** iterators within an individual region are called **Branch Repartition**. The **Parallelism** iterator at the boundary of two such regions is called **Segment Repartition**.<br /><br />**Branch Repartition** and **Segment Repartition** are logical operators. |

> | :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-segment.png" border="false"::: | **Segment** | The **Segment** operator divides the input set into segments based on the value of one or more columns. These columns are shown as arguments in the **Segment** operator. The input has to be sorted by these columns. The operator uses the Segment Column to mark the first row of each segment.<br /><br />**Segment** is a physical and logical operator. |

Reviewer: Maybe amend "The input has to be sorted by these columns." to "The input is sorted by these columns."

```suggestion
| :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-segment.png" border="false"::: | **Segment** | The **Segment** operator divides the input set into segments based on the value of one or more columns. These columns are shown as arguments in the **Segment** operator. The input is sorted by these columns. The operator uses the segment column to mark the first row of each segment.<br /><br />**Segment** is a physical and logical operator. |
```

> | :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-sequence-project.png" border="false"::: | **Sequence Project** | The **Sequence Project** operator adds columns to perform computations over an ordered set. It requires the input set to be divided into segments based on the value of one or more columns.<br /><br />**Sequence Project** is a logical and physical operator. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| :::image type="icon" source="media/showplan-logical-and-physical-operators-reference/icon-sequence-project.png" border="false"::: | **Sequence Project** | The **Sequence Project** operator adds columns to perform computations over an ordered set. It requires dividing the input set into segments based on the value of one or more columns.<br /><br />**Sequence Project** is a logical and physical operator. |
```
